Name: Nikki Tian
I'm tracing the time and date of me and my mom's facetime from the time this semester started."Wait" and "frequency" are the two key words surrounding my aesthetic design, that I used the good old windows xp wallpaper to represent the process of waiting and hearing the phone ringing, and moving random(not completely) lines to mimic the sound wave people talking. I came up with this visual then started to work on the data interpretation.
I collected the record from Wechat, which is how I usually connect to my mom, indicating the time, date, and duration of the facetime with my mom. The data was recorded and I've attatched it in my p5 files.
Each continuous line represents one of the facetimes. Consists of mainly three variables: time(transferred into pixels, here I decided 1h = 100px), if it was late when the call started(threby defining the intensity of each lines), and the date of the week(marked).
It was not a self-checking but rather a flashback on the relationship of me and my mom. She used to call me out of no where just to see whether I started looking for my internships and my art portfolio progress, and every time the phone ends with stress and anger from both sides. She is cruel, but she doesn't mean to be this way; it's just she has no other way of expressing "i miss you". Only recently we started to talk more on other stuffs, after I seriously told her that there's no need to call each other just to stress the same thing over and over again. I'm still working on this. Making this graph, I also found a pattern that she calls me the most on mondays, and there's NO call been made(again im only analyzing the data from the past month) on Wednesday, Thursday, and Saturday. I wonder if she did this purposely and I'm gonna ask her.
I'm aware that I didn't fulfill the canvas size requirement, but I thought there's will be more visual impact and authenticity if I enlarge the canvas to suit the ratio of my wall paper.
last, LONG TERM RELATIONSHIP IS HARD!